Sounds defines a number of general purpose operations for streams.
Most of which you'll recognize in a previous lesson in the common strategy section.
The Faust group_by operation takes an input stream and redirects it to
another intermediate stream with
a group_by key as the new key on the intermediate stream.
For example, our purchase stream has values but no key in Kafka.
If we were to group by currency,
that would now be the key in Kafka.
This is also known as re-partitioning or co partitioning if you're going to do a join.
A filter operation is provided that takes
a callback function that returns either true or false,
as we saw in the previous demonstration.
If a value should be capture discarded,
the filter function will decide that and remove it from the output stream.
Any events that are not filtered out or rewritten to an intermediate stream,
just like group_by, and then those values are
passed back to the next step in the processing chain.
The take operation can be used to group bundles of stream events
together between iterations of your stream processing loop.
For example, you may want to gather groups of messages,
say 10,15 at a time into bundles and then send them off into other downstream topics,
or process them 10 or 15 at a time.
Be careful with take,
if you don't provide the within parameter,
the processor will wait forever until the desired number of messages are gathered.
So if it takes an hour or two hours to get 15 messages in your stream,
the function will block until it's received that many messages.
Faust finds a number of other operations which I encourage you to read more about.
Check the notes in the section for a link to an overview.